#1
From: Jonathan Hill
Feedback: I was unable to login using Google.

#2
From: Shad Edwards
Feedback: I looked at your website, and it was good but I would change a few things. I’m not sure why you’re recipe links aren’t in a normal block. They are just scattered throughout the main page. Your reciepes needs work too… You’re fourth of July snack table just tells me to eat good food…. Anyways! Other than that, it looks great!

#3
From: Kelli Speth
Feedback: Once it’s added to “My Cookbook” it would be AWESOME if there was a way to edit it or put notes. Sometimes I change up the recipes a bit and I’d love to be able to store that somewhere.

          It would also be nice if there was a place to add nutritional information/service suggestions. I know that’s hard when anyone can add stuff, but in general most people can figure it out.

          Once in My Cookbook it probably shouldn’t give you the option to add to cookbook. You know, since you are already there.

          Also, in My Cookbook it would be cool to have a couple of options for sorting. You know, by meal type (entrée, dessert, etc), food type (chicken, beef, etc) or alphabetically.

          The search feature doesn’t seem to work

          Food.com lets you basically import recipes from other websites. Not sure if you’d have to get permission for that, but it’s kinda cool.

          It would also be nice to be able to enter more than one ingredient or instruction at a time.

          The website as a whole is nice. It would be a very convenient way to store all your recipes in one place. It’s clean and crisp and easy to use.

#4
From: Peg
Feedback:  I thought it looked simple to navigate. I also thought the meatloaf recipe looked good, but I'm used to the amount first and then the ingredient. Also, the oven temp should be first.

#5
From: Alta
Feedback: for me - there's nothing that gets me to click and go farther. The ones w/ all the same logo "Let's get cooking" all look alike so i blew them off. i am more apt to click on one w/ a picture of the meal than any of the others.

#6
From: Debi
Feedback: There is nothing about the main page that grabs me and makes me want to look further. There needs to be some story/info about the website and why do I want to investigate the recipes further. I assume the recipes with the generic chef would have a picture that goes with the recipe?

#7
From: Kathy
Feedback: The site confused me more than anything. What type of site is it supposed to be? Why are the recipes so odd? Is it because they are just interested in the layout and not the "meat" of it? I agree pics are needed for each of the recipes, but you can't really call most of them recipes. Is this some weird kind of test for us??? Scratching my head.

#8
From: Linda O'Very
Feedback: Looks great! Need to put in catagory so it can be looked up easier. And the recipes need to be explained better.

